[Blog] Added Remote Objects blog (#2121)
o3de/o3de.org: content/blog/posts/remoteobjects.md

The project.json looks like this

```json
{
    "project_name": "RemoteGame",
    "project_id": "{388C33C2-44F3-4C3A-86A4-4AD95216482B}",
    "origin": "AMZN-Phil",
    "origin_uri": "https://github.com/AMZN-Phil/RemoteO3DEProject.git",
    "license": "Apache-2.0 Or MIT",
    "requirements": "This project has no additional requirements.",
    "display_name": "Remote Game",
    "summary": "A short description of RemoteGame.",
    "canonical_tags": [
        "Project"
    ],
    "user_tags": [
        "RemoteGame"
    ],
    "icon_path": "preview.png",
    "engine": "o3de-nightly",
    "external_subdirectories": [
        "Gem"
    ],
    "restricted": "RemoteGame"
}
```

The important field here is the origin_uri field which is the location of the object. Currently for GitHub repositories that we want to sync this will usually be the same as the remote source url.

The repo.json is placed in the same location as project.json in the root of the git repository.

> ### Downloading using Project Manager

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Download with Project Manager
```

In Project Manager there is now an option to add a remote project.

{{< image-width src="/images/blog/remote-objects/dropdown.PNG" width="100%" alt="Add a Remote Project" >}}

Selecting this brings up the Add a remote project dialog. On entering a valid O3DE repositoriy URL the dialog updates and selects a download folder based on the name of the project and the default projects folder.

{{< image-width src="/images/blog/remote-objects/addremotedialog.PNG" width="100%" alt="Add a Remote Project Config" >}}

There is also the option whether to add the project to the build queue once it has downloaded. On selecting Download the project will be downloaded, registered and available to build and run like any other project.

> ### Downloading using the O3DE CLI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Download with the O3DE CLI
```

> It is also possible to carry out these steps using the O3DE CLI. First by registering the remote source

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also add a remote project with the O3DE CLI. First, register the remote source:
```

```powershell
scripts\o3de.bat register -ru <remote source URL>
```

> Then by specifying the project to download by the project name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, specify the project to download by the project name:
```
